[Music]
not only kids like tricky puzzles and
riddles puzzles are perfect for training
your brain to help you come up with the
most creative solutions today we
selected these great riddles to tease
your brain are you able to solve them
sure you are and can your friends figure
out the answers don't forget to ask them
and share the video because here we've
got 9 tricky riddles that will blow your
mom number 1 3 doctors said that Robert
was their brother Robert said he had no
brothers who is lying
[Music]
the answer is quite easy Robert has
three sisters and they are doctors
[Music]
number two there were ten fish in an
enclosed tank two of them sang for swam
away and three died how many fish are
there now you are right
ten no fish left this tank number three
two men are playing chess they've
already played five games each has
already won three games how is this
possible
[Music]
the answer is clear they have different
opponents number four add 1000 240 now
add 1000 now add 30 ad 1000 again now
add 20 and 1000 again now add 10 what is
your answer
[Music]
is it 5,000 wrong the right answer is
4,100 number 5 what goes through cities
and fields but never moves
[Music]
you are right again it's a road number
six the age of a father and a son
together is 66 years the age of the
father is the age of his son but with
the digits reversed how old are they
[Music]
this has three possible answers 51 and
15 42 and 24 60 and six number seven one
mathematical trick recommends
determining its volume by using itself
and putting its thickness as a and its
radius as Z curious to know the answer
it's a pizza V equals pi times Z times Z
times a number eight now try to name
five consecutive days without using the
names of the weekdays or numbers
[Music]
the day before yesterday yesterday today
tomorrow and the day after tomorrow easy
as pie
number nine all five sisters are busy
and is reading a book Rose is cooking
Katy is playing chess mary is doing the
laundry what is the fifth sister doing
[Music]
she is playing chess with Katy have you
enjoyed these puzzles as for me I really
love the pizza one if you agree hit that
thumbs up button and if you're visiting
our channel for the first time click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life